PRACTICE TEST PHASE

You will now make judgments about "old" objects from the list that you
just studied and "new" objects that you did not study.

For each presentation, you will briefly see TWO colors followed by an
object.  If the object is "old", one of the colors framed the object
during the study list and the other color did not (it is there to
distract you).  Your job for each old object is to REMEMBER THE
STUDIED FRAME COLOR and choose that color as your answer.  If instead
the object is "new" (it was not on the study list) you will also see
two colors, but BOTH colors are distractors because you did not study
the object.  Your job for each new object is to CALL IT "NEW" (using
the "newText_test" response).

The keys for choosing one of the two colors are colorLeftKey_test and
colorRightKey_test, and the key for "newText_test" is newKey_test.

If you know it is an old object but you cannot remember its frame
color, take your best guess.

You will always make a second response after a color or new judgment.

If you choose a color, you will then respond with one of three
options: whether you REMEMBER seeing that COLOR framing that
particular object ("rememSourceText_test"), whether you REMEMBER some
OTHER detail about studying the object ("rememOtherText_test"), or
whether the object feels FAMILIAR but you can't remember any details
about studying it ("knowText_test").  You will use the same keys:
"rememSourceText_test" is rsKey_test, "rememOtherText_test" is
roKey_test, and "knowText_test" is kKey_test.

If instead you say the object is new by answering "newText_test", you
will say whether you are "sureText_test" about it by pressing
sureKey_test, or that it was "maybeText_test" new by pressing
maybeKey_test.

-------------------------------------

Explanation of Remember and Familiar:

When we REMEMBER something, we consciously recollect and become aware
of aspects of its previous occurrence.  For example, you might
remember a recent movie and be able to recall specific details about
it, like where and with whom you saw it.  At other times, we might
feel that something is FAMILIAR and has occurred before, but can't
consciously recollect what was experienced at the time of its prior
occurrence.  For example, you might recognize a person and be certain
that you know him or her, but you're unable to recall any specific
details about the person, such as the person's name.

For this test, REMEMBERING an object's COLOR ("rememSourceText_test",
rsKey_test) signifies that the object evokes a specific memory of
being framed with that color during study.  REMEMBERING some OTHER
("rememOtherText_test", roKey_test) detail about it could include
remembering how it looked on the screen during the study list, the way
in which it was oriented in the picture, or even what you were
thinking or doing at the time it was shown.  Being FAMILIAR
("knowText_test", kKey_test) with an object signifies that you are
confident that you saw it before, but that you cannot recollect any
details about doing so.

EXAMPLE: say you saw a pie during a study list, and then you see the
pie during test.  If you can specifically remember the color that
framed it during the study period, you would answer REMEMBER COLOR
("rememSourceText_test", rsKey_test).  If instead you remember how
seeing the pie at study made you hungry or something else other than
its study frame color, you would answer REMEMBER OTHER
("rememOtherText_test", roKey_test).  If you know you saw the pie but
you cannot remember anything about studying it, then you would answer
FAMILIAR ("knowText_test", kKey_test).

-------------------------------------

Put your index fingers on the colorLeftKey_test and colorRightKey_test
keys now, and take a moment to memorize the key assignments.  Please
keep your eyes on the cross in the middle of the screen.  Make sure
you wait to respond until AFTER the object disappears and you see the
prompt.

* Please press RETURN to continue *
