TEST PHASE

You will now make the color/new judgments for old and new items.

Again, for each old object use the colorLeftKey_test and
colorRightKey_test keys to choose the color that framed the object
during study.  For each new object, push the newKey_test key to say
that it is "NEW" (abbreviated "newText_test").

If you know it is an old object but you cannot remember the color,
take your best guess.

If you choose a color, you will then respond with one of three
options: whether you REMEMBER seeing that COLOR framing that
particular object ("rememSourceText_test"), whether you REMEMBER some
OTHER detail about studying the object ("rememOtherText_test"), or
whether the object feels FAMILIAR but you can't remember any details
about studying it ("knowText_test").  You will use the same keys:
"rememSourceText_test" is rsKey_test, "rememOtherText_test" is
roKey_test, and "knowText_test" is kKey_test.

EXAMPLE: say you saw a pie during a study list, and then you see the
pie during test.  If you can specifically remember the color that
framed it during the study period, you would answer REMEMBER COLOR
("rememSourceText_test", rsKey_test).  If instead you remember how
seeing the pie at study made you hungry or something else other than
its study frame color, you would answer REMEMBER OTHER
("rememOtherText_test", roKey_test).  If you know you saw the pie but
you cannot remember anything about studying it, then you would answer
FAMILIAR ("knowText_test", kKey_test).

If instead you say the object is new by answering "newText_test", you
will say whether you are "sureText_test" about it by pressing
sureKey_test, or that it was "maybeText_test" new by pressing
maybeKey_test.

Put your index fingers on the colorLeftKey_test and colorRightKey_test
keys now, and take a moment to memorize the key assignments.  Please
stay focused on the center of the screen.  Make sure you wait to
respond until AFTER the object disappears and you see the prompt.

* Please press RETURN to continue *
